Add ArgoCD note to all installation steps (#1321)
okteto/docs: src/content/get-started/install/amazon-eks.mdx

## Installing Okteto

> 
> :::note
> Using GitOps? If you install Okteto with Argo CD, see [Configure Argo CD](self-hosted/manage/argocd.mdx). You'll still need the prerequisites above and the post-install steps below (DNS record, sign-in, CLI config). Only the Helm repo and chart-install steps are replaced.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: This is my recommended text:

```suggestion
:::note

Argo CD installs the same Helm chart declaratively. See [Configure Argo CD](self-hosted/manage/argocd.mdx) for the `Application` manifest, sync policy, and the `ignoreDifferences` Okteto requires.

It replaces [Add the Okteto Helm repository](#add-the-okteto-helm-repository) and [Installing the Okteto Helm chart](#installing-the-okteto-helm-chart). Every other step on this page still applies, including the DNS record, sign-in, and CLI context.

:::
```
